hey guys this is a video on how to UM
break your weave so if you guys want to
see how I got this lovely arm break then
stay tuned okay you will need some 40
I'm liquid developer and clear you will
need a mixing bowl with a brush and
we'll also need some basic white
lightening powder
extra-strength you'll also need some
foil and of course your virgin hair so
right now I'm just showing you guys the
mixture of the activator and the powder
make sure that you mix it to get a
really pasty consistency I do have a
video that goes more in depth with this
and I will leave it below so now I'm
sure you guys were to apply your bleach
so pretty much from the middle of your
bundle all the way down you will be
applying your bleach for this first time
so pretty much again from the middle of
your bundle all the way down you will be
applying your bleach
okay so now I'm just going to continue
to breach the hair I'm doing front and
back and you're gonna do this about five
times make sure that you are combing
through your hair every time you apply
the bleach front and back
I'm also make sure you use your brush
and you kind of go in between the
bundles to make sure that you're not
missing any spots because you don't want
your weave to be spotty
so that is never cute and once you are
done coiling your hair about five times
you're then going to start to see the
color change it's going to become that
caramel brown color so make sure that
you are watching your virgin hair it
usually takes about five to ten minutes
which is make sure that you're paying
attention to the your hair and you are
watching it for the color to change
again you guys see that spot doneness
again that's why it's very important
that you make sure to go in between your
bundles checking and making sure that
you're getting every single spot so that
when you're finish your hair is not body
okay now I'm washing the hair I'm using
ever cream sulfate free moisture system
from L'Oreal
this is the best shampoo conditioner
ever it works really good to help your
hair jump back honey
so you just wash your hair about three
times shampoo and condition at once and
let it dry or blow-dry it so after I'm
drying my hair this is the color should
be as you can see it is a climber brown
color so this side hair should look the
hair is a little frizzy because I did
not rinse the hair out really good but
do not be like me guys rinse your hair
out really really good every single time
just to be sick okay so now we're going
to bleach your hair the second time
so pretty much we the first time we
bleached your hair from the middle of
our bun so all the way down but this
time we're going to bleach your hair
probably about two inches from the
middle of our bun so we're going to
apply the bleach no I think about this
is about three inches away from the
middle part so pretty much right here if
you guys are like what are you talking
about pretty much right here where I'm
pointing at all the way down you are
going to be applying your bleach make
sure when you're applying your bleach
you don't make the hair super even so I
like to kind of take the brush and kind
of make the bleach a little uneven on
the bundle just so that the hair doesn't
look weird after you are done so as you
can see the bleach is on the hair it's
turning an orange color which is what we
want as you can see also the bleach is
not on the hair perfectly it's not a
straight line it's kind of all over the
place so make sure that when you're
applying your bleach that it's not super
straight it's kind of all uneven stuff
like that okay so this is how you guys
should look after you have washed it the
second time and have dried it and please
forgive the hair looking a little white
again I did not rest and hair out really
good that's my fault to not be like me
guys I was just a new brush trinary I
Felicia's hair but this is nothing I
should look at you guys can see it's the
kind of orangey colors towards the ends
so we are just going through this third
time and last time we're just going to
bleach just the ends so pretty much
where my hand is all the way down we are
going to apply the juice so I'm just
showing you guys again how to apply the
bleach we're just gonna doing this you
know downward motion and we're going
from here down and we're going to apply
the bleach to me the Bradys
okay so this is how the hair should look
once you have applied your bleach to the
end a few times so I want the ends to be
a really really blond color so we're
going to wrap the hair up and Sue the
foil so we're just going to wrap the
foil around the ends and I'm going to
leave this on for about 15 minutes just
to give it a really blonde of looks and
afterwards you will be done just wash
the hair about three times conditioning
and make sure to deep condition your
hair let it air dry and then you'll be
all done
baby what can I do for you